Hi.
We didn't this lecture we going to see how we can have an image slider in our apps so that we can display
all the snaps inside of our snap B.S..
So that's how I did that.
I went to Google and I googled for horizontal image slider not an android but in U.S. Swift.
So as you can see we have a lot of options over here.
So it's very easy to work with in the library in order to create an image slide show.
So I went for that one.
So this is called Image slide show.
And it's very easy to work with this image slide show of course I'm going to share this you're all in
the resources with you but you can just google it and find it yourself if you want.
It's very easy to bring this in and it's very easy to load the images as you can see it has a part.
So let me bring in this pod so that I can explain how to use it while it's being installed.
So let me close down and let me open the terminal one more time.
OK so let me make this a little bit bigger because it opens very small actually.
So I believe that's OK.
So let me go to downloads and I guess completes and Snapchat clone.
And over here I'm going to pull the install because we have already edited our pop file and over here
you will see some documentation related to this image slideshow.
And one of the greatest features of this is that they actually provide us ways to include images from
the Internet as well.
So this is not only for the images in your own project.
You can actually use Elmo's Fire.
You can actually use sd web image or Kingfisher in order to download everything from the Internet and
display them in this image slide show.
So I I'm going to go with this Kingfisher source.
So we already have as the web image in our own project.
But this is another part.
So we have to go with another pod over here.
And I have tested to see that SD web image source does not work properly in this case.
So copy this pub name as well and open your pod file.
OK.
So other than image slideshow I'm going to bring in this image slideshow Kingfisher as well.
And this will bring in the Kingfisher pod itself as well.
So now we have to image caching and image downloading as he cronies downloading image libraries in our
app but I believe that's OK.
So you can just eliminate the s the web image and go with the Kingfisher instead.
But I'm going to live this as it is so that you would know all the options regarding to this image downloading
sets and tools.
So when I run party install one more time as you can see Kingfisher has been downloaded.
Now we are ready to use it.
And there is a great documentation about this.
I'm not going to show you the documentation I'm just going to write it.
So you would know how this works but I suggest you go and search for the documentation to see the other
features of this image slider as well.
So I'm going to bring in this image slide show and we cannot use means storyboard to bring an image
slideshow to our view controller but rather we going to create this image slide show as we did in the
layout section.
OK.
So we are going to use the same technique to create the view and add this as a sub view inside of our
weave controller.
OK so I'm going to use we've added load in order to do that.
And of course we can check to see if SNAP is here or not.
So I'm going to make this selected snap non optional as we did in the selected time.
And if that's the case then I can get the related information from snap like snap that image Larry area.
And if I go into a for loop using this snap image URL area I'm just going to have this individual image
your eyes inside of this image.
So let me call this image here.
Also it would be more explicit.
So now I have all the images URLs here one by one and I just want to display them in our image slider.
So let me create my image slide show so you will know how to do it first.
I'm going to create a variable and I'm going to give it a size.
Give it a position.
So I can have it on my view so that's how it goes.
Let me call the Zemin slide show and this will be a type of image slide show.
OK.
This one.
So once you do that you can open parentheses and it will ask you for a referee.
So remember this frame.
Then you say see direct it will ask you for an X and Y coordinate and also a width and size.
We then height sizes so let's do that.
Open C.G. rect and choose this.
So it asks you for an x y and width and height.
So we're going to actually stretch it all around.
I'll reveal controller.
So I'm just gonna say 10 10 over here because it will be stretch out to all the width and all the height.
So I'm going to call this self-taught.
We've got framed up lit and may be multiplied by something like 0 point ninety five.
OK.
So it would stretch out all the way to the edges.
And I'm gonna do that do the same thing for height as well.
I'm going to say s that view that frame that height and I'm going to multiply this by 90 percent.
So if you haven't watched the layout section where we define these views by code I suggest you go back
and watch it to see what I'm doing.
And over here I'm going to say image slideshow dot background color and I'm going to give a white color
to its background.
Okay.
Later on we can just give some indicator to this image slideshow as well.
I'm going to show you how it's done.
But now we have to work with the essentials to see if that's works or not.
So I'm going to say image the image slide show dots.
And here I'm going to specify the content scale mode.
This is like the content scale mode in image views.
Right.
So you can call UI eye view content mode and we have this aspect feel an aspect fit in this case.
So if you say you eye contact more dots kale you will see scale to fill skill tests packed fit.
And that's what we want.
Remember we have all always use this as packed fit in our UI image views and that's what we are doing
in here as well later on.
Let let me just coal use of that.
We've got Ed subdue and add this to our view so that we can see if this works or not if this works I'm
going to be to fly you to later on and here you can see that it has a set image input methods and it's
asking it's asking for some image sources inside of an array and that's what we're going to do in here.
We're going to use this Kingfisher source in order to provide this image inputs.
And we already have our Urals things over here so that we can just say image slideshow that set and
give some input area were here in order to do that.
I'm going to create my input array as a variable over here.
OK.
Over my we did load.
So let me say input array and this input area will have Kingfisher sources inside of an array so that
I can come under my forward loop and I can append everything inside of my input array.
So I'm going to say I have spent and I'm going to call the Kingfisher source and will ask me for a U
or else drink.
And of course this is image you're up.
So in this for loop I'm going to append everything to my Kingfisher sauce array and let's force our
practice.
OK.
And then later on I'm going to give this input array as an image input to my image slideshow.
So that's it.
That's how you create an image slide show.
So let me run this and let's see if this works or not if this works I'm going to go ahead and be to
fight this a little bit more.
So it's taking its side because we have brought in some new pots.
So let's see if we can see all the snaps from James Hetfield OK.
Let me click on those.
Yep.
It opens and let me try to slide.
Here you go.
Now we see all the images in a slide show.
We have some problems though we don't see the time label.
I believe it's it got in the background when we have covered all this.
We have controller reads our image slide show and we don't have any indicators showing up.
So we're going to take care of that.
First let me take care of this label issue.
If you want to bring some reel to the front.
You can just all self-taught view dog bring some sub you to the front.
And here I'm going to specify my time label.
OK so let's say time label and later on we're going to just give it an indicator.
If you don't know what an indicator is you will see it in in a minute.
It displays where we are currently in terms of yes sliding images.
So you have to create this UI page control and this page indicator will have some colors.
So we have two colors one for displaying the current page indicator.
OK.
This will be UI color.
That's light gray.
And two we will have the other page indicators as well.
So this will be the current not current but page indicator tint color.
OK.
I'm going to give you eye color dark black over here.
And later on I'm going to sign this page indicator to be my image slide show page indicator.
OK.
So let me just do it.
And here you go.
Now let's run and you will see what the page indicator is.
And it will be to fly our snap we see a lot more you will see it.
So once you open your app click over here and here you go.
Now we have this indicator indicating where we are currently.
So as you can see very harsh is shown in light gray and the other ones are shown in black and our time
label is back.
So that's very cool.
We're going to stop here now and within the next like you re going to test our app and we're going to
improve our record if we come across with any bug.